Question 1:Learn about magic commands and what they are used  for

The magic commands, or magics, are handy commands built into the IPython kernel that make it easy to perform particular tasks, for example, interacting Python’s capabilities with the operating system, another programming language, or a kernel.

IPython provides two categories of magics: line magics and cell magics. Line magics operate on a single line of input and are denoted by a single percent sign (%). Cell magics can operate on multiple lines of input and are denoted by two percent signs (%%).

The pystata Python package provides three magic commands to interact with Stata from within the IPython environment: stata, mata, and pystata.

stata: Execute Stata commands

mata: Execute Mata code

pystata: Configure and display current system information

The three magic commands will be automatically loaded when the Stata environment is initialized. See Configuration for instructions on how to configure the pystata package within Python and initialize Stata.

Note that the magic commands can only be used in an IPython environment, such as Jupyter Notebook. They will not work in a non-IPython environment, like the Windows Command Prompt, the macOS terminal, the Unix terminal, a Python script file, etc. However, you can use the API functions defined in the config and stata modules of the pystata package to replicate the functionalities of those magic commands. See API functions for more information.

The IPython environment is the most flexible way to interact between Stata and Python because you can use the magic commands, the config and stata modules, and the Stata Function Interface (sfi) module all in one workspace.

The code shown in the following sections was run in a Jupyter Notebook, but you may choose to run it in some other IPython environment. 



question 2: Difference between a bar chart, count plot and histogram
Histograms visualize quantitative data or numerical data, whereas bar charts display categorical variables. In most instances, the numerical data in a histogram will be continuous (having infinite values). 

Bar graph 
though similar to a histogram. A bar graph is a plot of a single data point (a sum, average, or other value) for each category while a histogram is a plot of a range of data.

A bar graph compares quantitative data between different categories while a histogram visualizes a single, continuous, dataset.


bar graph allows you to compare and contrast metrics (averages, sums, etc.) across different categories while Histogram allows you to view the distribution, or relative frequencies, of values in a dataset.

Each bar in a bar graph represents the datapoint for its designated category while each bar in a histogram represents the quantity of data points that fall within that bin, or a smaller range within the larger dataset.

In a bar graph, you can rearrange the bars in whatever way makes the most sense. This might be largest to smallest, smallest to largest, chronological or geographical order, or something else while in a histogram, you can’t rearrange the bar elements. The bins must be presented in numerical order from lowest to highest.


Count plot
A counts plot is a variant of the strip plot with a better view of overlapping data points, used to visualise the distribution of many individual one-dimensional values.

